hey there everybody getting its tactical
here again I'm giving you a quick review
on the Condor h2o pouch now this pouch
is really awesome I ordered this in just
recently and I really like this I've
used it on a couple trips and works
really well for what it's designed for
and it's really good quality from Condor
I'm just really starting to get into
some condor products and I really like
what I'm seeing you know you saw the if
you look on my channel there's the EDC
bag I really like that EDC bag and I got
this to go along with my EDC bag so I
got this coyote tan love coyote tan give
you just some examples here you got to
steal the earrings right here and we'll
just kind of work our from our way out
of hand so you can definitely use that
you know you could run some nylon straps
through there and carry it you know over
your shoulder which is really cool
because there's so much Molly on this
thing just all over the place that you
could really use this almost as a
self-contained you know half-a-day
little bag a little pack thing and
really use this for going on short hikes
you know I mean it would be on this
would be great because you can strap you
know a knife to it you can strap another
little pouch if you want it's got this
huge bag right here you can do another
bag if you want to it's got your you
know now jean or whatever you want here
I mean you could really use this and
then just throw it over your shoulder or
put it on your belt and this could be
it's almost a little self-contained
survival pack which is really a cool
idea and I really like that they did it
and design it in such a way cuz there's
some other companies do h2o pouches but
I've never seen any quite like this
particularly for the price point so you
got velcro up here on the top you can do
you know a little you know differently
recon sniper you know whatever you want
to put up there your name patch whatever
it's got this little hole right here
that you can definitely because I've
done it fit a bladder hose through if
you wanted to use this for a small
Camelback bladder platypus bladder type
of thing this is definitely great for
that mom it was obviously like I said
Molly all
around this thing so you can attach tons
of stuff to it um you know that you got
these Molly things right here that you
can strap on to any type of pack
anything like that the outer pouch right
here I'll do that one first
this outer pouch is very large
I put an ace bandage a full size based
bandage and my full medical kit in here
and it fit just fine I can get my whole
hand in there you know it's it expands
really nice you can strain to see little
drainage hole right here for the actual
water bottle compartment but I mean
that's pretty big just kind of give you
some ideas let's see here what do I got
I got my ke baare dozer I mean that's I
could get like four or five of those in
there just what are some other things
that I have around you could almost get
this book I got this little book in here
in fact I bet you I could just yeah got
that book
you just play with it a little bit yeah
and it's still got some it's still got
some room left over so that's a cool
nice big pocket right there and you can
get a couple different you know you
could probably get like four Clif bars
in there you can you know you could get
a water purification kit you know
medical kit fire starter kit all in this
outer pocket right here then after that
let's go on in the main attraction while
you bought this is a carry water so you
got dual zippers right here opens up
again you got this bladder hole for the
it's velcro for the hose itself you can
sear it there and this is insulated so
it kind of keeps it if it's hot you know
if you put your coffee in there
something for some reason they'll keep
it hot and if it's you know water you
know or whatever cold it'll keep it cool
I'm so that's a nice little feature
there that the insulated it you know
it's not just canvas um so here's a 32
ounce now jean fits in there nice and
snug and you have this whole lid that's
nice and big for extra you know extra
stuffs technically this could ride all
the way up here and you can get the lid
over it so you could put I know GSI
makes some camp cups you know so you
could boil your water you know the cup
slides right into the knowledge the
knowledge and slides right in the cup
that would fit in there you know you
could pack the bottom lining the the
bottom of the pack up to about this
Molly up to the top of this Molly so I
mean that's a good two inches there on
that you could pack with extra stuff you
know you could put a rain poncho in
there you could put I'm just trying to
think of stuff you know bandanna
you could put just I mean you name it
you could put a bunch of stuff all the
way up to the second row of Molly our
first role Molly the top of it and the
the the Nalgene would ride right about
there and that's plenty of room to zip
it up and the sloop doesn't get in the
way
and move that it will hold a 32-ounce
platypus bladder with the tube as well I
don't see anyone getting I heard someone
put that they put a 50/50 Alice
Camelback in here and it fit I don't see
how I think that's impossible
but cool try it but 32-ounce
products it will definitely hold no
problem if it's a platypus if it's you
know it Camelback bladder type of system
now jeans you know new Camelback water
bottles whatever this little guy is
definitely gonna hold it and carry it
and keep it cool or hot depending on
what you're putting in there so um just
an awesome little bag you know for the
price point definitely better than the
Maxpedition you know I mean it's close
to about half the price of that
Maxpedition to get your hands on one of
these condor h2o pouches and I mean it's
just an awesome little thing you can put
it to your strap it to your big pack
carry it on your belt carry it over your
shoulder and really make it your own
personal little survival kit out of just
this little setup right here so that's
my review
remember stay equipped and stay prepared
so thanks for watching subscribe comment
I love to hear comments I like to
respond and thanks for watching
Gideon's tactical thanks